  Profile: 
•	Having 3+ years of experience in the software industry in the area of DevOps and Linux.
•	Having 6+ months of experience in java (core java, spring boot).
•	Hands on experience in tools like Git, Jenkins, Ansible.
•	Working experience in CI (Continuous integration), CD (continuous delivery) using Jenkins.
•	Implemented Groovy based Jenkins file for automating CI-CD process.
•	Infrastructure automation using Ansible.
•	Strong knowledge in SCM tools like Git.
•	Extensive knowledge in creating play books, roles in Ansible for configuration management of remote systems.
•	Implemented Docker for creating development environment and QA environment.
•	Experience in creating a multiple container architecture using Docker composes.
•	Implemented build process with tool like Maven, Gradle.
•	In-depth understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM).
•	process, which include compiling, packaging, deploying and Application configurations.
•	Hands on experience on creation of servers in CloudOps, Memory Optimization
•	Load balancing, Authentication setup, Server Maintenance 
•	Participated in MTP activities, Patching Activities (DB Patching), JDK & WL upgrades.

	Achievements:

	Appreciated in December 2018  with Monthly Summit Award.
	Completed the Ansible Sprint S1 certification in Talent Next.

Hardware and Software Environment:

Operating Systems 	: Linux , Unix, Windows XP / 7	
Tools		                : Git, Jenkins, Ansible 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Project Experience Highlights:    


Project Name	: Customer EFS
Duration			: Apr-2018 to Till Date
Technology/Methadology : DevOps
Role			: DevOps Engineer/Support Engineer


Responsibilities:		
	Branching, Tagging, Release Activities on Version Control Tools: git , gitlab.
	Involved in Deployment of the application using Tomcat.
	Configure Scheduled builds, Nightly builds.
	Setting up the new build environment for various applications in Windows/Linux environment.
	Automate build process used for Java applications using Jenkins.
	Project involved the usage of maintaining repository and version controlling.
	Involved in Branching and Merging of code delivery at required releases.
	Performing the Ad-hoc commands.
	Development of Ansible playbook to manage systems configuration.
	Contineous monitoring the pipeline jobs.


Project Name	: Shipment EFS
Duration			: Feb-2017 to March 2018
Technology/ Methadology	: DevOps
Role			: DevOps Engineer/ Developer/Support Engineer 

Responsibilities: 
	Creating the new servers and configurations when development team need.
	Creating the pipelines for spring boot projects and generate the code coverage reports 
	Implementing the Nexus, SonarQube, Jacoco in pipeline. 
	Continuous monitoring the pipeline jobs.
	Implementing Security reports like forty-five scan. 


Personal Attributes :

	Strong communication skills.
	Leadership skills 
	Ability to work cross functional team.
	Quick learner 






